Security 
Cybersecurity is the number one threat f acing every business today. To keep our customers secure, we build security by 
design into every product we sell, and we deliver end-to-end solutions spanning security, compliance, identity, device 
management, and privacy across clouds and platforms. We are the only cloud provider with multicloud protection for the 
industry’s top three cloud platforms. Our new Entra product family includes tools for permissions management, identity 
governance, and identity verification. And we now offer managed threat detec tion and response with Microsoft Security 
Experts. 
LinkedIn 
LinkedIn has become mission critical to connect creators with their communities, job seekers with jobs, learners with 
skills, and marketers with buyers. LinkedIn now has more than 850 million members, and our Sales, Talent, Marketing, 
and Premium Subscriptions lines of business have all surpassed $1 billion in annual revenue over the past 12 months. 
Search, advertising, and news 
When it comes to advertising, we are creating a new monetization engine for the web —an alternative that offers 
marketers and publishers more long-term viable ad solutions—while upholding consumer privacy and strong data 
governance. We’re focused on increasing our share and engagement across our browser Microsoft Edge, our search 
engine Microsoft Bing, and our personalized content f eed Microsoft Start. 
And with our acquisition of Xandr, we now power one of the largest marketplaces for premium advertising. Netflix chose 
us this summer as its exclusive technology and sales partner for its first ad -supported subscription offering, a validation of 
the differentiated value we provide to publishers looking for a flexible partner to build and innovate with them. I couldn’t be 
more excited about our expansive opportunity ahead in this space. 
Gaming 
The big bets we have made across content, community, and cloud over the past few years continue to pay off. We’ve sold 
more Xbox Series S and Series X consoles life-to-date than any previous generation of Xbox, and with Xbox Cloud 
Gaming, we’re bringing games to entirely new endpoints. In the past year, we’ve made many of our most popular titles 
accessible on phones, tablets, TVs, and low-spec PCs for the first time. Our Xbox Game Pass subscription service now 
includes access to hundreds of games. And with our planned acquisition of Activision Bli zzard, we aim to give players 
more choice to play great games wherever, whenever, and however they want. Choice is equally important to developers, 
who we want to support with a diversity of distribution and business models for their games. We believe the acquisition 
will unlock opportunities for innovation and enable the industry to grow. 
OUR CULTURE 
Our culture is the foundation on which our mission and strategy stand, and cultivating it is our greatest priority. We’re 
always working to close the gap between our espoused culture and the lived experience of the more than 
